Certification.md, before:

# Xamarin Certification

There are three Certified Xamarin Developer levels:

 * **Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer**
 * **Xamarin Certified iOS Developer**
 * **Xamarin Certified Android Developer**
 
The two platform-specific, i.e. **iOS** and **Android** certifications, only require expertise in that particular platform. However, the **Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer** certification requires not only expertise in both platforms, but also cross-plaform expertise as well.

## Certification Exam

Near the end of the month, if you've completed the required classes for each certification, you will receive an invite to take the certification exam. More details on the exam will be following, but if you've taken the classes listed below and understood the content, then you should be able to pass the exam without issue.

### Required/Recommended Classes

Some classes are required, and some classes are optional. If you're already an advanced Xamarin developer, and you don't want to take an optional class, please make sure that you review the course materials to make sure that you're familiar with the concepts.

#### Xamarin Certified iOS Developer

 * `Optional` **Intro to Mobile/Kickstart**
 * `Optional` Either **Intro to iOS with Xamarin Studio**, *or* **Intro to iOS with Visual Studio**
 * `Required` **Tables and Collection Views in iOS**
 * `Required` **Data in Mobile**
 * `Required` **Backgrounding**
 * `Required` **Mobile Navigation Patterns**
 * `Required` **Publishing an App**

#### Xamarin Certified Android Developer

 * `Optional` **Intro to Mobile/Kickstart**
 * `Optional` Either **Intro to Android with Xamarin Studio**, *or* **Intro to Android with Visual Studio**
 * `Required` **Listviews and Adapters in Android**
 * `Required` **Data in Mobile**
 * `Required` **Backgrounding**
 * `Required` **Mobile Navigation Patterns**
 * `Required` **Publishing an App**

#### Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer

The Mobile Developer Certification requires all Classes specified above in the iOS and Android Certifications as well as the following classes:
 
 * `Required` **Introduction to Cross-platform Development**
 * `Required` **Advanced Cross-platform Development**
 * `Required` **Memory Management and Best Practices**

Commit message:

added note about certification valid period.

Certification.md, after:

# Xamarin Certification

There are three Certified Xamarin Developer levels:

 * **Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer**
 * **Xamarin Certified iOS Developer**
 * **Xamarin Certified Android Developer**
 
The two platform-specific, i.e. **iOS** and **Android** certifications, only require expertise in that particular platform. However, the **Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer** certification requires not only expertise in both platforms, but also cross-plaform expertise as well.

Certification is good for one year, and we're working on a page on the public Xamarin website that will allow people to verify via email address or name, whether some is actually certified.

## Certification Exam

Near the end of the month, if you've completed the required classes for each certification, you will receive an invite to take the certification exam. More details on the exam will be following, but if you've taken the classes listed below and understood the content, then you should be able to pass the exam without issue.

### Required/Recommended Classes

Some classes are required, and some classes are optional. If you're already an advanced Xamarin developer, and you don't want to take an optional class, please make sure that you review the course materials to make sure that you're familiar with the concepts.

#### Xamarin Certified iOS Developer

 * `Optional` **Intro to Mobile/Kickstart**
 * `Optional` Either **Intro to iOS with Xamarin Studio**, *or* **Intro to iOS with Visual Studio**
 * `Required` **Tables and Collection Views in iOS**
 * `Required` **Data in Mobile**
 * `Required` **Backgrounding**
 * `Required` **Mobile Navigation Patterns**
 * `Required` **Publishing an App**

#### Xamarin Certified Android Developer

 * `Optional` **Intro to Mobile/Kickstart**
 * `Optional` Either **Intro to Android with Xamarin Studio**, *or* **Intro to Android with Visual Studio**
 * `Required` **Listviews and Adapters in Android**
 * `Required` **Data in Mobile**
 * `Required` **Backgrounding**
 * `Required` **Mobile Navigation Patterns**
 * `Required` **Publishing an App**

#### Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer

The Mobile Developer Certification requires all Classes specified above in the iOS and Android Certifications as well as the following classes:
 
 * `Required` **Introduction to Cross-platform Development**
 * `Required` **Advanced Cross-platform Development**
 * `Required` **Memory Management and Best Practices**
