ClassSchedule.md, before:

#Class Schedule

### Intro to Mobile/Kickstart

* Jan 20
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-20) 
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-20/4)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/2)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/4)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/5)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/6)

* Jan 21
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/2)

* Jan 22
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/1)

* Jan 25
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to Android with Xamarin Studio

* Jan 21
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21)
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21/4)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/4)
  
* Jan 23
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23)

* Jan 25
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to iOS with Xamarin Studio

* Jan 21
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21/3)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/3)

* Jan 23
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23/2)

* Jan 25
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to Android with Visual Studio

* Jan 22
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-22)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/3)

* Jan 23
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-23)

---

### Intro to iOS with Visual Studio

* Jan 22
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-22/5)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/2)

* Jan 23
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-23)


---

### List Views and Adapters in Android

* Jan 24
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24) 
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24/3)
  * `Class Full` [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24/1)


* Jan 25
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25) 

---

### Tables and Collection Views in iOS

* Jan 24
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24)
  * `Class Full` [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24)
  * `Class Full` [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24/3)

* Jan 25
  * `Class Full` [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

Commit message:

added note about unregistering for a class.

ClassSchedule.md, after:

#Class Schedule

Email <training@Xamarin.com> if you need to unregister for a class.

### Intro to Mobile/Kickstart

* Jan 20
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-20) 
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-20/4)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/2)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/4)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/5)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-20/6)

* Jan 21
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/2)

* Jan 22
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/1)

* Jan 25
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-mobile/kickstart/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to Android with Xamarin Studio

* Jan 21
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21)
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21/4)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/4)
  
* Jan 23
  * [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23)

* Jan 25
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to iOS with Xamarin Studio

* Jan 21
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-21/3)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-21/3)

* Jan 23
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23/2)

* Jan 25
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-xamarin-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)

---

### Intro to Android with Visual Studio

* Jan 22
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-22)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/3)

* Jan 23
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-23)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-android-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-23)

---

### Intro to iOS with Visual Studio

* Jan 22
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-22/5)
  * [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22)
  * [6pm - 9pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-22/2)

* Jan 23
  * [12pm - 3pm EST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/intro-to-ios-with-visual-studio/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-23)


---

### List Views and Adapters in Android

* Jan 24
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24) 
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24/3)
  * `Class Full` [6pm - 9pm PST (Rob)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24/1)


* Jan 25
  * `Class Full` [8am - 11am EST (Michael)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/list-views-and-adapters-in-android/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-25) 

---

### Tables and Collection Views in iOS

* Jan 24
  * `Class Full` [12pm - 3pm EST (Chris)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-eastern-time/2014-01-24)
  * `Class Full` [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24)
  * `Class Full` [6pm - 9pm PST (Les)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-24/3)

* Jan 25
  * `Class Full` [1pm - 4pm PST (Glenn)](https://university.xamarin.com/class/developer-training/tables-and-collection-views-in-ios/online-webinar-us-pst/2014-01-25)
