README.md, before:

# Welcome to Xamarin University!

![Xamarain University Logo](https://raw2.github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/master/Support_Files/XamU_Logo_BlueBackground.png?token=947633__eyJzY29wZSI6IlJhd0Jsb2I6eGFtYXJpbi9YYW1hcmluVW5pdmVyc2l0eS9tYXN0ZXIvU3VwcG9ydF9GaWxlcy9YYW1VX0xvZ29fQmx1ZUJhY2tncm91bmQucG5nIiwiZXhwaXJlcyI6MTM5MDI0Njg1NH0%3D--7d78c2b184295b205caf227b79ec6bccf3fbb458)

We're excited to have you enrolled. Please read through this page, as it has lots of important things to be aware of.

## Software and Hardware Requirements

Xamarin University teaches both Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android development. To participate in the lessons you will need:

* **Mac OS X computer (required for iOS development)** 
  - [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com/download) iOS, Android & Xamarin Studio
  - Google's Android SDK *(installed with Xamarin)*
  - Apple's Xcode IDE (separate download from Mac App Store)

* **Windows computer (or Virtual Machine on your Mac)**
  - [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com/download) Android, Xamarin Studio & Visual Studio plug-in
  - Google's Android SDK *(installed with Xamarin)*
  - Visual Studio (for Visual Studio-specific lessons)

* **Xamarin Business Edition**
  - All Fundamentals classes can be used with Indie Edition except for the `Visual Studio` class and the WCF portion of `Web Services`, so existing Indie-licensed customers may complete almost all the course with their current license.
  - For the best experience we recommend you [start a trial of the Business Edition](http://docs.xamarin.com/guides/cross-platform/getting_started/beginning_a_xamarin_trial/) so that you can participate in all classes and labs. 

If you are already a Xamarin user you're probably ready to go, so skip to the next section to perform *Setup Verification*. 

If you need help with your system configuration read the [detailed Setup Requirements](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/SetupRequirements.md). We also provide links on [that page](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/SetupRequirements.md) to pre-configured Virtual Machines that you can download and use for training purposes.

## Setup Verification

Due to the interactive nature of the Xamarin University classes, you will **not be allowed to participate** in a class if you don't have your development environment setup and configured correctly. **Before class**, make sure that:

* You're on the Alpha channel 
* You can build and deploy the [TaskyPro](http://docs.xamarin.com/content/TaskyPro/) sample app to the:
  - Android Emulator
  - iOS Simulator

If you have any issues with installation, let us know at <training@xamarin.com> and we'll setup a session with a trainer to get it resolved.

# Classes

## Class Catalog

You can find the current Class Catalog [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/ClassCatalog.md). Check this often, we'll be adding many more.

## Signing up for Classes

The class schedule can be found [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/ClassSchedule.md). We'll be posting the schedule week by week, and adding new classes all the time, so check back often for class updates. Please note that there are a lot of other links on that site, but none of them are relevant to Xamarin University. You will find all the updated content and information here.

**Note:** You will need a Xamarin Single Sign On (SSO) account to access the class schedule and register for classes.  If you already have a store.xamarin.com or forums.xamarin account (both are SSO sites), then you're good to go, but if you haven't yet created one, you can do so [here](https://auth.xamarin.com/account/register).

# Class Materials

All class materials for Xamarin University will be posted in the [course_materials](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/tree/master/Course_Materials) directory, categorized by course. Check back often, we'll be posting new class materials daily.

# Certification

For certification information, including levels and required classes, please go [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/Certification.md).

# Xamarin University Forum

Say 'hi' to your fellow Xamarin University Classmates, talk about classes, labs, whatever, over at [Xamarin University Forum](http://forums.xamarin.com/categories/university)! They're also staffed by your Xamarin University Professors, so don't forget to say hi to them as well! If you don't have access to the forum, email your forum account name to <training@xamarin.com> and we'll add you right away!

# 1 on 1 Expert Scheduling

Don't forget your 1 on 1 hours! We'll start scheduling them on the 23rd, and we'll be beginning the actual 1 on 1 sessions on January 27th.

# Troubleshooting

For a list of common troubleshooting issues with Xamarin University, click [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/Troubleshooting.md).

Commit message:

Added sentence about the alpha channel req. w/ iOS

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Xamarin University!

![Xamarain University Logo](https://raw2.github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/master/Support_Files/XamU_Logo_BlueBackground.png?token=947633__eyJzY29wZSI6IlJhd0Jsb2I6eGFtYXJpbi9YYW1hcmluVW5pdmVyc2l0eS9tYXN0ZXIvU3VwcG9ydF9GaWxlcy9YYW1VX0xvZ29fQmx1ZUJhY2tncm91bmQucG5nIiwiZXhwaXJlcyI6MTM5MDI0Njg1NH0%3D--7d78c2b184295b205caf227b79ec6bccf3fbb458)

We're excited to have you enrolled. Please read through this page, as it has lots of important things to be aware of.

## Software and Hardware Requirements

Xamarin University teaches both Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android development. To participate in the lessons you will need:

* **Mac OS X computer (required for iOS development)** 
  - [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com/download) iOS, Android & Xamarin Studio
  - Google's Android SDK *(installed with Xamarin)*
  - Apple's Xcode IDE (separate download from Mac App Store)

* **Windows computer (or Virtual Machine on your Mac)**
  - [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com/download) Android, Xamarin Studio & Visual Studio plug-in
  - Google's Android SDK *(installed with Xamarin)*
  - Visual Studio (for Visual Studio-specific lessons)

* **Xamarin Business Edition**
  - All Fundamentals classes can be used with Indie Edition except for the `Visual Studio` class and the WCF portion of `Web Services`, so existing Indie-licensed customers may complete almost all the course with their current license.
  - For the best experience we recommend you [start a trial of the Business Edition](http://docs.xamarin.com/guides/cross-platform/getting_started/beginning_a_xamarin_trial/) so that you can participate in all classes and labs. 

If you are already a Xamarin user you're probably ready to go, so skip to the next section to perform *Setup Verification*. 

If you need help with your system configuration read the [detailed Setup Requirements](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/SetupRequirements.md). We also provide links on [that page](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/SetupRequirements.md) to pre-configured Virtual Machines that you can download and use for training purposes.  If you decide to use your own setup, and plan to take the iOS or Cross-platform sessions then your Xamarin Studio installation on Mac OS must be configured to use the alpha channel - more information is available in the [detailed Setup Requirements](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/SetupRequirements.md).

## Setup Verification

Due to the interactive nature of the Xamarin University classes, you will **not be allowed to participate** in a class if you don't have your development environment setup and configured correctly. **Before class**, make sure that:

* You're on the Alpha channel 
* You can build and deploy the [TaskyPro](http://docs.xamarin.com/content/TaskyPro/) sample app to the:
  - Android Emulator
  - iOS Simulator

If you have any issues with installation, let us know at <training@xamarin.com> and we'll setup a session with a trainer to get it resolved.

# Classes

## Class Catalog

You can find the current Class Catalog [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/ClassCatalog.md). Check this often, we'll be adding many more.

## Signing up for Classes

The class schedule can be found [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/ClassSchedule.md). We'll be posting the schedule week by week, and adding new classes all the time, so check back often for class updates. Please note that there are a lot of other links on that site, but none of them are relevant to Xamarin University. You will find all the updated content and information here.

**Note:** You will need a Xamarin Single Sign On (SSO) account to access the class schedule and register for classes.  If you already have a store.xamarin.com or forums.xamarin account (both are SSO sites), then you're good to go, but if you haven't yet created one, you can do so [here](https://auth.xamarin.com/account/register).

# Class Materials

All class materials for Xamarin University will be posted in the [course_materials](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/tree/master/Course_Materials) directory, categorized by course. Check back often, we'll be posting new class materials daily.

# Certification

For certification information, including levels and required classes, please go [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/Certification.md).

# Xamarin University Forum

Say 'hi' to your fellow Xamarin University Classmates, talk about classes, labs, whatever, over at [Xamarin University Forum](http://forums.xamarin.com/categories/university)! They're also staffed by your Xamarin University Professors, so don't forget to say hi to them as well! If you don't have access to the forum, email your forum account name to <training@xamarin.com> and we'll add you right away!

# 1 on 1 Expert Scheduling

Don't forget your 1 on 1 hours! We'll start scheduling them on the 23rd, and we'll be beginning the actual 1 on 1 sessions on January 27th.

# Troubleshooting

For a list of common troubleshooting issues with Xamarin University, click [here](https://github.com/xamarin/XamarinUniversity/blob/master/Troubleshooting.md).
